>> Bianca Gandolfo: So for the exercise,
we're gonna first start by implementing
the internals of an each function, right?
So, just remember that e ach takes two
arguments, a list, and a callback.
It's going to iterate through
each item in that list and
call that callback with the values
in that list, one at a time, right?
So if we have a list of like three,
it's gonna call the callback three
times each with one of those values.
Also, _ .each works for both arrays and
objects, so that's something to consider.
Once you finish, you can test it by using
it with the exercise
from the previous module.
Where we look through our suspects
list and created suspect objects.
So good luck.
Also don't forget that,
this is a little tricky here,
is that the underscore
is gonna be an object.